AI Usage Journal
Christopher Mendez
cmendez6@umd.edu
Section: 0102

Week 1
I have used AI for basic tasks such as asking quesitons. I have started to use claude and so far
I haven't had any complains with it so far. I asked it for some ideas for how to create a response to a discussion 
for one of my class here is the link: https://claude.ai/share/7fa00960-195c-4e26-a71a-bbe6725d8e1a 
It has been very helpful and very informative to what I wanted as being a good reply. I think it works a lot better than
chatgpt or others. It was a lot more accurate and was very quick in generating. I works more as a second
thinking partner. 

I haven't tired it for coding yet, but I did try it for sql stuff and it was a lot less accurate than what I expected.
I think it needs more work with that or I just was not detailed enough as I needed to be. I think it's an issue on my end 
since I wasn't understanding the problem myself enough. 


Week 2

Link to Chat:https://claude.ai/share/63819f51-240a-4a59-ae0e-c0e76d38c9da

So I was using Ai this week to find some headlight parts for my car. I haven't been using
AI a lot lately. What I did was try to compare parts and find lights that were affortable
and worked. I found Claude and chatgpt to be very useful in my search. I just wished they would 
provide links since I had to search them manually. I hope to use it this week for 
assignments since I find it to be super useful, but also be time effective.  

Week 3

Link: https://claude.ai/share/412131ee-5fe9-4316-b546-86b2621c8e4e

So for this week I used AI in some of my SQL assignments from a course. I was confused about a section of my query, so 
I decided to use claude for suggestions. I find claude to be extremely useful when it comes to uploading photos. chatgpt
in my experience does not provide a satisfying response even with all the photos submitted. chatgpt takes too long to process
photos, maybe its just me but with claude I get more. Another thing is that claude gives multiple suggestions for an answer.
I find this useful since it not vague and it remains simple. In the end I found what I was looking for. I think that using
AI has saved me time with problems like these. 

Week 4


Link from Chat: https://claude.ai/share/39439f73-77b0-4efc-ab86-bf06379db963

For this weeks AI use, I used for questions based on potatoes its random but not so random since its from a course I 
was a bit confused on certain areas. I didn't realize the extra details on potatoes, and using AI it helped me answer
some questions for an assignment. Overall, I have been using Claude daily more than googling. Its a lot more better
and useful. since most of the assignment was based on pictures I used it to provide me more background on the photos.
I think Claude does have flaws such as sometimes giving misleading information which is something I try to rectify. 

Week 5 (10/11/25)

Link for Chat: https://claude.ai/share/9021cfd9-7791-49f1-bdd5-40195df5697e

For this week I used AI to summarize a reading for one of my classes. I just wanted some abstract based in the themes 
on the reading. What I learned was that giving it a proper prompt gives you a very good abstract of the whole reading. 
The reading was very long so what I did was ask it to summarize and to provide in text references. I found it to be very 
useful since I can upload a pdf with a lot of pages and since have a decent summary of everything. I think that one of the 
important things I found was that it was barely readable, most of the words were too specific which is fine but there was no
need to use those types of terms anyways. So what I did was to rewrite/regenerate the prompt by asking it reading questions.
I got a better response and more concise. It's a very useful feature and I see myself using this more often.  
